Introduction 
at the time of preparation of this  present report ,  245,156,078 people became infected with Covid19 , additionally, the number of covid19 related deaths up to 3,080,261 ,this pandemic's statistics reflected in social media content and become new field for the  researchers and data analysts , we will use four topics "Hashtag " related to Covid19 pandemic , these Hashtags are 
●	Covid19 
●	Vaccine 
●	Astrazeneca 
●	Sputnikv
 The mission is to “do real investigation in these four topics to check what people feels about the pandemic”.
According to these cases study, the investigation steps will be as follow: 
Collect tweets related to this topics or hashtag. To retrieve a data from twitter you must get some secret keys as follow:
●	consumerKey 
●	consumerSecret 
●	accessToken 
●	accessTokenSecret 
As we as we mentioned in investigation scenario section and we mentioned in figure 8, this step will collect 2500 tweet from each Hashtag (Covid19, Vaccine, Astrazeneca, and Sputnikv) through twitter API and by using Tweepy library. Figure 11 show how we collect tweets by python. Where:
•	keyword : we will enter targeted hashtag (Covid19, Vaccine, Astrazeneca, and Sputnikv).
•	noOfTweet: 2500 

Analyze all of these tweets  by VADER Sentiment Analysis and extract the negative tweets then extract  the information of these tweet’s users ( location , join date). 
Visualize the result to be able to find the relationships from this   information.
Result     what people feels about the pandemic? 

Libraries 
This section we define some libraries that we used in this research 
Tweepy
Tweepy is open-sourced, hosted on GitHub and enables Python to communicate with Twitter platform. Tweepy is a Python library for accessing the Twitter API. It is great for simple automation and creating twitter bot.
VADER Sentiment
VADER Sentiment Analysis. VADER (Valence Aware Dictionary and SEntiment Reasoner) is a lexicon and rule-based sentiment analysis tool that is specifically attuned to sentiments expressed in social media, and works well on texts from other domains.
Geopy 
Geopy is a Python client for several popular geocoding web services. geopy makes it easy for Python developers to locate the coordinates of addresses, cities, countries, and landmarks across the globe using third-party geocoders and other data sources. 

Summary
In general and according to what we mention in pervious section, we will build the investigation to four steps as follow:
Phase 1: collect the data from the social media platform 
Phase 2: analyze the data by text sentiment engine, to classify the tweets to positive and negative 
Phase 3: visualize the result  
Phase 4: study the analysis and visualization result to extract relationships between the object  
Explain in more details for each steps will be in next chapter, and since a picture is worth a thousand words, figure 1 show each steps during the investigation lifecycle.
